with the matchbox that I made it which
kind of opens side down kind of opens
like this and you can definitely use the
matchbox so you have I didn't have any
matchbox to work on so I made it one but
you can totally go with the thick
cardboard or anything like farm Bowl or
whatever you have let me go with this
one and next through is cardstock and
are you going to be using the same one
that I used to make this but if your mom
have to take the cash register is you
can see I'm moving the space right here
and make a mark way you want to do so
like 2/3 of the box you know like yeah
so that's fully full yeah and last one
to cover fold it out a little bit of
space and that's the way how you like so
as you can see how this is kind of going
up so here's out gonna look like and
just put on the dryer so that's how the
door is going to open so you are going
to be going up let's cut the random size
does not have to be perfect size wanted
to make it tall
there you go as you can see how this is
like put at the bottom because it just
like helps it hold it well and just glue
this piece onto the bottom as you can
see you blue back to the bottom upper
caste with streets that flat and just
glue it onto the B I don't really like
the way how this looks at the side of it
so I'm just going to cover it but
complet by optimal once again it kind of
seems hard so I'm till show you how the
side looks like so you know it's kind of
click it right here but it's not a big
deal
so here that looks like there's the
turns glue there which will dry up
what do you need is two match boxes and
place the one on top of each other on
board this time but you can use like
cardboard all very stick cut stuff and
just go it and cut out the piece that
goes perfectly like this so from this
edge to this okay there we go and here
how we'll click on the edge and I'm just
going to cover everything with this card
stock paper and the drive will open as
well with all this keyboard thingy and
if you try passwords to keyboard this
will pop up like in the first
and I just filled this I don't know just
a dollar like money right there and I'm
just using a small bead but you can use
toothpick or any stick and you have and
just stick it on but it's kind of same
thing not only thing that you have to do
is add some final touches
so maybe add a litt bead on the drier
handle air this little paper roll out of
it like this and I hope for the things I
just use this fake money which so looks
like wheel by small and it's cut it out
like small little set
in this cardboard that I like the paper
that I filled up from cardboard and
looks kind of like
there you go